> How did viewing diff between two version of a files help you to see the bug that was introduced?

I could easly see what's changed in the new verion and how was it before
and actually bugs are living in the changes, so instead of reading the entire js file,
I saw 4-5 accured changes and simply found the Typo through them.

> How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I believe if you want to know what you should do you need to know what you have done, I mean it gives me
a view of my process. also it happend before for me that after couple of months developing I found it out that 
I am in a whole wrong way, so I needed to rollback and make a basic change, 
so I need very a basic version which I hope I had.

> What do you think is the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs habing version automatically saved, like Google Docs does? 

using commits are more useful for developing because you can logiclay fallow the changes you make in the programm but for some docs like
when you writing an article or for your notebook I think automatically saving are most useful because it's hard to find a logic for the changes.

> Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple file in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separatly?I 

while Git designed for programming so it considers that many files are related in a program but Google Docs fucoses more on general type of documantation like Word or Excel sheets that commonly are not connected to each other. 

> How can you use commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

first of all I should have a repository that keeps the files history, then I can use git log to view all of the commits in repository and then with git diff and commit-Id's given in the git log, I can compare to diffrent version of files, off course I should be in the repository directory.

> How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break somthing?

because of checkout operation I have the ability to rollback to previous versions anytime so I broke something I can find when I did that and fix it.

> Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to try Github

